Disha Tapadiya
dishatapadiya02@gmail.com | +1-801-814-9344 | https://www.linkedin.com/in/disha1407/

EDUCATION
University of Utah, David Eccles School of Business, Aug 2022 - Present 
Masters of Science, Business Analytics
Relevant coursework: Database Theory and Design, Introduction to Business Analytics, Statistics and Predictive Analytics, Data Visualisation, Big Data and Data Science, Visual Analytics for Business

Medi-Caps University, Aug 2017 - June 2021
Bachelor Of Technology, Electronics and Communication Engineering

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Applied Health and Performance Science Department, University of Utah, Data Analytics Intern, Jan 2023 – Present
Gather, analyze, and interpret data about approximately 10 sports using vast databases and a variety of expert statistical approaches.
Create monthly reports for the coaches using the data collected to help them make periodization plans.
Create the visualizations for the same reports to get insights from and make an informed decision.

Capgemini, A4 analyst, July 2021 – July 2022
Analyzed data for all the windows and linux servers which gave us results on functioning of servers.
Maintained the cloud servers through AWS EC2 Instance for better productivity and efficiency.
Completed training in different technologies including Windows, Linux, Networking, SQL-DBA.
Completed one month of ServiceNow and hands-on training in the aforementioned technologies.

Intern, Gradly Incorporation, USA, June 2019 - Aug 2019
Implemented C, C++, JavaScript, NodeJS, jQuery, FireBase and ReTool while interning with Gradly to design webpage, link login page to the database, which gave us the data of interested people.
Performed data scraping, data tagging, data analyzing for the same. TECHNICAL SKILLS
SQL, R, C, C++, DOMO, Python, JavaScript, NodeJS, jQuery, FireBase, ReTool
Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Powerpoint, Microsoft Word and Google Sheets, Docs and Slides

PROJECTS
GAME DAY ANALYTICS | 1st Position Holder (Graduate Student Division), Feb 2023
Extracted Super Bowl commercial tweets from Twitter API using Python.
Cleaned and analyzed 4 million tweets using Alteryx and Tableau prep to provide valuable insights to advertisers, including sentiment analysis and return on investment per ad spent.
Designed data visualizations using Power BI and Tableau to present key findings to a panel of judges and sponsors.

DOMO - Layton Hackathon | 3rd Position Holder (Graduate Student Division), November 2023 
Utilized Domo to identify variables that correlate with safety incidents across all 2019-2021 Layton Construction work sites
in order to provide KPIs and actionable insights for the management team.
Performed ETL and further brainstormed the business objectives to understand the correlation between the safety checklist and Safety Incident Rate and Loss of Time Accident Rate. Learned a new tool and designed different charts under 48 hours.
Presented the team’s findings to a panel of judges through the use of Domo dashboards.

CERTIFICATIONS
DataCamp: Introduction to SQL, Introduction to R, Introduction to Tidyverse
Coursera: Introduction to Data Analytics, Introduction to Cloud Computing, AWS Associate,
Powershell (Basic and Advanced), Introduction to Personal Branding CodeAcademy: NodeJS, JavaScript, Basics of Java
